Create a New React Project (#131)
atolye15/checklist: checklists/create-a-new-react-project.md

---
title: Create a New React Project
category: Front-End
date: "2020-03-22"
tags: ['react']

> description: Since we have cra-recipe you only need to follow just a few steps from Checklist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Since we already have cra-recipe you only need to follow just a few steps from this checklist.
```

---

- [ ] Apply cra-recipe  
You can reach to cra-recipe from [here](https://github.com/atolye15/cra-recipe)

- [ ] Update the outdated steps in cra-recipe  

> - [ ] Open a PR to cra-recipe if you add any new step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Open a PR to cra-recipe if you've added any new step
```
